Located on the Minjiang River in the west of the Chengdu PlainzzzDujiangyan is about 50 kilometers away from Chengdu Cityzzzwhich was built in the third century BC. It is unique since there is no need to use dams to regulate the flow of water. For more than two thousand years, Dujiangyan has been effective in flood control and irrigation, making the Chengdu Plain a fertile soil for drought and flood protection and one of China's most important grain production areas. As the oldest water control project in the worldzzzthe Dujiangyan Project embodies the wisdom of the harmonious coexistence of our people and naturezzzwhich is still in use and can control water without any blocking dam.

The Grand Canal is the longest man-made river which ex-tends all the way from Bejing in the north to Hangzhou in the south, and one of the grandest projects in the Chinese history. The construction of the canal was started in the 4th century BC and was completed in the 13th century. It was first built for grain transportation and later also for trans-portation of other commodities. The areas along the canal have gradually developed into the industrial and commercial centres of China. For a long period of time, the canal has been playing a significant role in the development of Chi-nese economy,greatly enhancing the personnel exchange and cultural communication between northern and southern regions.

Karez is a water conservancy system found in the dry region of Xinjiang, in which underground channels join wells to-gether. The system collects a large amount of rainwater and melted snow water that seep underground, and drains the water to the ground by the natural mountain slope for the irrigation of fields and the daily use. Karez reduces the evap-oration on the ground and does little harm to the surface, thus protecting natural resources and the ecological envi-ronment effectively. The system embodies the Chinese wisdom that people and nature co-exist in harmony, and is well recognized as a major contribution to the human civili-zation.